Add support for additional_execution_role_policies  in acl-controller (#151)
hashicorp/terraform-aws-consul-ecs: CHANGELOG.md

FEATURES
* modules/mesh-task: Add `envoy_public_listener_port` variable to set Envoy's public listener port.

> * modules/acl-controller: Add `additional_execution_role_policies` variable to allow the ECS service execution role to perform
>   more actions.

Reviewer: Suggesting a slight tweak to the wording to make it a bit more concise:

```suggestion
* modules/acl-controller: Add `additional_execution_role_policies` variable to support attaching custom policies to the task's execution role.
```
